# Getting-Stuck-Going-to-Sheep-s-Bridge
Me and my friends went on a road trip to Sheep's Bridge and we had to cross a bunch of water that is pretty much the only naturalish water source in Arizona. It flows from Lake Powell in Utah through Horseshoe, which is where we crossed, down Rio Verde, through Bartlett, etc. Basically I crossed in my car with water a few feet up the sides and up on the doors and went back through a little too fast and even got water on up over my hood.  Basically my engine seized as I was trying to pull out of the water. I tried to crank it over and it wouldn't turn over. I thought I hydro locked it, but we checked the intake and it was bone dry. We decided to check the cylinders as well with a shop rag and they were dry too. In the process of checking cylinder 4, my friend broke my spark plug wire. But at least I didn't hydro lock my car. I checked under it and remembered that I burnt a hole in my evap cannister before the trip and took it off before the trip. There was still a forward facing evap tube wide open so I assumed I must have shoved water in there when I went fast back through. We unplugged my fuel lines closer to the engine and tried to turn it over, pumping a sample of fuel into a cut off plastic water bottle. Turns our there was water in my fuel lines. Turned it over until it started to smell like gas and then filled another bottle and dipped a sick in it and lit it. Went up in flames and we knew it was gas. Plugged the lines back in and sure enough the engine turned over and ran fine. I just didn't have a cylinder 4 in a already V6. Ended up crossing again to finish the trail for another 2 hours and crossed a 4th time coming back and drove home on 4 cylinders. I ordered some spark plug wires on amazon and it runs fine now. Replaced the evap canister too. I still have a small evap leak though and need to drop my fuel tank and smoke it to find out where it is.
